# Medford Tree-Sitter Repo
## Basic Setup Link: https://tree-sitter.github.io/tree-sitter/using-parsers#getting-started
## Using Medford Tree-Sitter: 
Once you have tree-sitter installed. You can run tree-sitter generate to create the parser from the grammar.js. Then you are able to parse files with tree-sitter parse FILENAME. 
## Example Build Bash Script
There is an exampleBuild.sh(Bash Script), which has a EXAMPLE_FOLDER variable which will allow you to designate where you have sample Medford files and parse thru the files, and in the same directory create .parsedOutput files which will be the output of tree-sitter. (Slight Disclaimer this was created on an Ubuntu VM.) I added a path to tree-sitter if using npm, otherwise can probably be deleted. Added the generate command to rebuild the parser each time this is run. 
## Python Script Examples inside bindings/python (Not the automatically generated files.)
There are two files medford_parser.py and python_sample.py. The output.txt is an warning. The python_sample.py uses the medford_parser.py to parse a block of text representing a medford file. py-tree-sitter was installed by "pip install tree-sitter" and the parser.c was manually built with "gcc -o bindings/python/medfordparser.so -shared src/parser.c -I./src -fPIC" "-I./src" is a capitol i which is needed if you are running the command from the root of this project otherwise you need to modify the .c file. The "bindings/python/medfordparser.so" should be where you want the file or you can copy whereever when you are done. This so file is referenced by the medford_parser.py on line 4 which will be the path from where you run python. The python_sample has been updated to include a tree printout with text after the sexp function result.  